Download files in Selenium Grid (#2659)
selenide/selenide: modules/grid/README.md

Selenide Grid plugin
================================

A [Selenide](https://selenide.org) extension for working with Selenium Grid

## Why it's needed?

Most Selenide features work with Selenium Grid out of the box.  
There are only a few things that might not work: proxy and downloading files. 
1. Selenide proxy generally works with Selenium Grid, except one case: when tests and Selenium Grid are run on different machines, 
and "test machine" is not accessible from "grid machine". 
2. Downloading files: Selenide has 4 methods for downloading files: `HTTPGET`, `PROXY`, `FOLDER` and `CDP`.   

>    * `HTTPGET` and `PROXY` work in Selenoid as usually

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   * `HTTPGET` and `PROXY` work in Selenium Grid as usually
```

Author: thanks, fixed.
